{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red24\green0\blue255;\red160\green0\blue3;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c9832\c9831\c9819;\cssrgb\c13435\c13434\c13317;
\cssrgb\c13390\c13885\c100000;\cssrgb\c69513\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13392\c13392\c13325;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 A\'a0
\f1\b \cb3 \strokec4 program
\f0\b0 \cb3 \strokec4 \'a0is a sequence of instructions that specifies how to perform a computation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 input:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Get data from the keyboard, a file, a sensor, or some other device.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 output:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Display data on the screen, or send data to a file or other device.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 math:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Perform basic mathematical operations like addition and division.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 decisions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Check for certain conditions and execute the appropriate code.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 repetition:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Perform some action repeatedly, usually with some variation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 byte code\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 A special kind of object code used for Java programs. Byte code is similar to a low-level language, but it is portable like a high-level language.\
In a loop, the last step always loops back around to the first. \
Eventually the condition needs to be false or it is called an infinite loop. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec5 int\cb3 \strokec4  i = 1;\
\cb3 \strokec5 while\cb3 \strokec4  (i <= 6) \{\
    System.out.printf(\cb3 \strokec6 "%4d"\cb3 \strokec4 , 2 * i);\
    i = i + 1;\
\}\
System.out.println();\
The first I is a loop variable, because it increases from 1 to 6, and as soon as it hits 7 the whole loop ends, which ends the loop and prevents an endless loop from happening. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 pretest loop:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 A loop that tests the condition before each iteration.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 posttest loop:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 A loop that tests the condition after each iteration.\cb3 \strokec7 \
Infinite loop happens when the condition of the loop is always true, so you need something in the loop to make it false, or it is then considered an infinite loop in which there is no end and there is no false result. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec7 An\'a0
\f1\b \cb3 \strokec7 array
\f0\b0 \cb3 \strokec7 \'a0is a sequence of values; the values in the array are called\'a0
\f1\b \cb3 \strokec7 elements\
To create an array you have to use the new command, and count refers to an array of 4 integers, whereas values makes it depend on the size and values in the array. \
An element is one of the values in the array.\
Alias refers to the same object as another variable. \
Reduce reduces the array to a single value. \
For displays elements of an array on separate lines. It makes the code more readable and more concise. }